---
layout: post
title:  "Hancook"
date:   2020-12-02 16:00:00 +0900
categories: portfolio
---
## Hancook: Let your Master Chef dream comes true

This project is developed for joining local competition held by [Food Safety Korea Institution](https://www.foodsafetykorea.go.kr/). Amazingly, my team and I (team of 3 members), passed the first round and had a chance to present it in final. Eventhough we didn't get the awards, but we are still grateful for this experience. 

### Background Problem
The popularity of K-FOOD is increasing after Hallyu Wave is spreading globally. However, the korean food restaurant is not available everywhere. For those who wants to try but cannot find a proper korean restaurant, they usually cooking by themselves, by looking recipes from books, blogs, or videos. However, would they revive the original taste of K-FOOD? I don't think so. 
Since Food Safety Institution provides recipe data, we decided to use it as a K-FOOD standard.

The second problem is, after we learn one or two recipes, would people have motivation to learn till master it? Our app will address this issue as well, by giving the learner motivation to learn till the end.
### Proposed Solution
The solution is a mobile application. We have 3 main features:
1. Recipe Management - to manage recipe, such as search, bookmark, add, etc
2. Learning Management - to manage learning progress. you will get awards after accomplish certain level of cooking
3. Shopping Management - to manage ingredients. user can order the ingredient easily from app.

As pilot project, we've created one website to generate random recipe of korean food. If you want to learn Korean Food, you might start with this website first.

### Showcase
[Hancook Web](http://hancook.titus.id/) | [Hancook App Prototype](http://bit.ly/HancookApp)